Godot Engine v4.2.1.stable.official.b09f793f5 - https://godotengine.org
OpenGL API 4.1 ATI-4.7.103 - Compatibility - Using Device: ATI Technologies Inc. - AMD Radeon R9 M370X OpenGL Engine
 
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (INTEGER,2)
Token (NL,<null>)
INDENT!!
Token (BEGIN,<null>)
Token (IDENT,b)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (INTEGER,3)
Token (NL,<null>)
Token (IDENT,c)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (PLUS,+)
filling ending indents
Token (IDENT,b)
filling ending indents
Token (NL,<null>)
filling ending indents
INDENT!!
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
error from expected END
assignment a = 2
assignment b = 3
assignment c = 5
{ "a": 2, "b": 3, "c": 5 }
INDENT!!
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
error from expected END
Block:
  Assignment:
    Var: a
    Number: 2
  Block:
    Assignment:
      Var: b
      Number: 3
    Assignment:
      Var: c
      BinaryOP: +
        Var: a
        Var: b
    NoOp
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (INTEGER,2)
Token (PLUS,+)
Token (INTEGER,3)
Token (DIV,/)
Token (LPAREN,()
Token (INTEGER,15)
Token (MINUS,-)
Token (INTEGER,10)
Token (RPAREN,()
Token (NL,<null>)
INDENT!!
Token (BEGIN,<null>)
Token (IDENT,b)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (INTEGER,3)
Token (PLUS,+)
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (NL,<null>)
Token (IDENT,c)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (PLUS,+)
filling ending indents
Token (IDENT,b)
filling ending indents
Token (NL,<null>)
filling ending indents
INDENT!!
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
error from expected END
assignment a = 2
assignment b = 5
assignment c = 7
{ "a": 2, "b": 5, "c": 7 }
INDENT!!
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
error from expected END
Block:
  Assignment:
    Var: a
    BinaryOP: +
      Number: 2
      BinaryOP: /
        Number: 3
        BinaryOP: -
          Number: 15
          Number: 10
  Block:
    Assignment:
      Var: b
      BinaryOP: +
        Number: 3
        Var: a
    Assignment:
      Var: c
      BinaryOP: +
        Var: a
        Var: b
    NoOp
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (INTEGER,2)
Token (PLUS,+)
Token (INTEGER,3)
Token (DIV,/)
Token (LPAREN,()
Token (INTEGER,15)
Token (MINUS,-)
Token (INTEGER,10)
Token (RPAREN,()
Token (NL,<null>)
INDENT!!
Token (BEGIN,<null>)
Token (IDENT,b)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (INTEGER,3)
Token (PLUS,+)
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (NL,<null>)
Token (IDENT,c)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (PLUS,+)
Token (IDENT,b)
Token (NL,<null>)
Token (IDENT,a)
Token (ASSIGN,=)
filling ending indents
Token (INTEGER,1)
filling ending indents
Token (NL,<null>)
filling ending indents
INDENT!!
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
error from expected END
assignment a = 2
assignment b = 5
assignment c = 7
assignment a = 1
{ "a": 1, "b": 5, "c": 7 }
INDENT!!
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
filling ending indents
error from expected END
Block:
  Assignment:
    Var: a
    BinaryOP: +
      Number: 2
      BinaryOP: /
        Number: 3
        BinaryOP: -
          Number: 15
          Number: 10
  Block:
    Assignment:
      Var: b
      BinaryOP: +
        Number: 3
        Var: a
    Assignment:
      Var: c
      BinaryOP: +
        Var: a
        Var: b
    Assignment:
      Var: a
      Number: 1
    NoOp
